Alright so we are here on the take
off page We've done the info it's very
easy put in a name find a building
category property type add in quality finishes And
this project is a loft conversion home A
loft conversion is a dormer loft very easy
and simple Home renovation just doesn't have any
shelves The reason why I'm asking for this
one is because I need to calculate the
shelf for you So that's it What we're
going to do here you can add some
description if you want to Dormer loft smoke
alarms fuller wire plaster walls you can add
all this here You put in an address
you upload the files in here and it
will extract all the drawings You can save
the changes and it takes you straight to
the take off page On the take off
page you have all the drawings that are
uploaded here I have uploaded five drawings You
can check them on page roll on page
roll architect anything that is electrical it's categorized
as info you can change it if you
want Anything that is proposed drawings it's area
so we can do the calculation for you
Now it's already done it within minutes On
here it created a shell It creates the
shell the rooms and scope Now if you
go on AI Assistant and here you can
ask what am I missing It will find
it for you If you miss something it
will find it for you So what it
does it extracts all the drawings it saves
everything into the memory and it knows everything
As soon as I upload the drawings it
will know everything Look at your extraction data
you have 17 rooms Ground floor it tells
you everything And then you can actually even
talk to it So for this project we're
going to calculate only loft conversion and full
renovation of ground floor and first floor There
you go If you don't want to talk
you can just chat with it Above here
we got all the measurements for all the
rooms and it tells you total area of
all the floors Now perfect So we're focused
on here we go It listens everything So
you can do an art mode and say
find windows and doors for me It will
find it If they're listed in here they
will find it But it will also suggest
even if they're not on a system it
will tell you what's missing Okay find it
Okay here we go So it will find
all the rooms and everything else into the
system It tells you here 13 windows 23
doors where they're located which area what page
they are and everything Okay Now what we
do is it's already calculating the cost for
you labor cost material cost Okay benchmark everything
We go here on scope So here is
just more getting all the areas correctly getting
areas and scope If you want to change
something you can literally do it on scope
of our page So here is I use
it more to get the measurements right So
you can do it manually as well If
you want to measure something manually for example
I'll delete this So if I want to
measure this room here I can just go
double click So and then you just name
it I'll put it here studio Studio room
that's the measurement Done It created a room
It's always good to check the scale Sometimes
the scale has to be here is 100
to 150 actually is wrong All right let's
check it So this room this is also
wrong the wrong measurements So I delete it
It's very important we do the scale correctly
So I'll do it again Here we go
It should give us the correct order I
see 12 35 square meter Update it Done
And it goes straight in here Automatically it's
done for you That's it And from here
now also you can just ask to find
the rooms itself You can ask check for
all this electrical lights for me how many
electric lights are and add them to the
scope It will do it for you Done
So this is I'll delete this one because
I think it's already calculated Added 51 LED
lights on the scope It tells you how
many there are the cost It's done already
Okay look the price changed That's more to
find them because we have vision You can
see what's going on You can zoom it
You can go through change pages if you
want to go electrical And it will definitely
100  match everything everything in here all
the points It's definitely listed in here All
right so we save this one And then
from here it goes to area page So
from takeoff page it goes to area It
lists all the areas for us Just double
check again make sure they're all correct You
can delete or update them manually as well
if there's anything wrong Update And that's it
Save and continue It takes you to Scopework
On Scopework page all the pages are connected
So any change that you make here it
will change on the other pages Now this
is the total cost for the scope labor
margin material margin So 70 000 pound profit
A total is 348 770 pounds 70 pounds
39 pounds So what it does is down
here we have extension kitchen extension rooms always
Actually even though we didn't select extension we
did find it So we don't want it
because I didn't want to put it through
But if I want to delete it I
can delete it or I keep it for
now so I can show you Even if
I select only loft conversion and rooms it
actually read on architect drawing that there is
an extension so it added for us But
you can always delete it if you don't
want to Now let's find all the loft
conversion which is all the rooms are here
It gives you for the floor So first
floor ground floor everything And loft floor And
this prelims external works site setup We have
thousands of materials in here You can find
anything You can even do scrape You can
go to any link in your website add
in the link for any items you want
and it will find it for you And
here we have also the chart On here
I can ask So you can do it
in plan mode Plan you can plan it
Now we say what flooring We can change
it through the chart or change it manually
What flooring you have calculated Let's see what
flooring Now you can either do it through
the chart You can ask what flooring is
in plan mode It will do the research
for you It will know everything about the
project After it finds everything you can do
it in act mode where it can tell
to change to anything We can change any
budget or any flooring As I said we've
got thousands and thousands of materials here It
will do multiple suppliers that we're connected with
So on this page we have floor finishes
We call wood flooring Unchanged here Kitchen engineer
wood flooring Now act mode I'll say change
all the flooring to porcelain tiles Budget is
about £50 per square meter Fine tiles are
close to this cost for materials Labour cost
is really as it is because you've got
all the information for that Easy It will
actually update live for you It will go
through You can double check manually as well
But it's so quick because you don't have
to go through all the rooms and check
it manually It knows all the quantity you
need It calculates also waste for you 10
So now it's going to add everything into
porcelain tiles So I said £50 per square
meter We'll find something which is close to
it So porcelain tiles added All four areas
complete Room unchanged It hasn't changed this one
because it depends We can check that in
a minute Okay Shall I continue Porcelain tile
to the remaining room So it's just only
done with changes All the areas were like
loft conversion and extension So I'll say proceed
All the areas done So you can have
a proper conversation It's very careful very calculated
It's trying to be as accurate as it
can It doesn't just do things It double
checks with you It's very advanced It's trained
very well to adapt to any user And
the more you use it the more it
knows you So it becomes very personal After
this project if you complete one project or
two projects or three projects it will actually
learn more about you and it will be
more user friendly because then it knows your
style It knows what sort of budget you're
working with what client you have So this
will update everything now all the areas Okay
While this is happening I'll show you some
other stuff So on each rule it's divided
into stages and you've got tasks Example on
here we have like for demolition strip out
stairs anything You've found already some stuff Let's
go to door So single softwood door We
have here furbished door lock hardwood door fire
rated you name it All the type of
doors are here Okay Let's see Let's go
back to this one Then it will change
the material Now because this is door now
material can be any different So this is
a scraping one that I've done It's displaced
in here You can either use double pocket
door And we'll do quantity This is labor
per hour Okay The material then you have
a total 523 material labor So labor is
about 106 pounds to fit this door And
material is 320 plus the profit margin and
everything Don't forget it's another 30 Profit margin
everything So total is 523 You can delete
this We can go in here It gives
you details If for somehow you can't find
you can still pass You can scrape even
on here any link You can go to
any other supplier and just add in the
link It will update it automatically Yeah pretty
much Here then you have the dashboard Dashboard
it gives you this is a master chart
It tells you what's happening and where you
need to pay attention on So ground floor
needs review It gives a bit of information
like what's been completed what's pending A extraction
that we left it halfway I think it
stopped When you go away it stops Okay
So make project live example In here you
can make the project live and it will
timeline everything Because you have here a cost
by area a breakdown It shows you the
profit stages and it also generates timeline And
all this can be printed already to send
to clients If I go back to Scopo
Arc I forgot I want to mention you
can print this in PDF Make sure you
send to client I recommend you take and
remove the profit So here's all the pages
what you will send to the homeowner Done
Now So this part is ready to send
to homeowner So we go task look very
detailed In PDF it's ready to send to
client If you want on selection you can
unselect example So you don't have to show
all of this It's up to you how
you want how you send it You have
those options there Okay So if I go
back here you can do Excel Example On
Excel I'll do something different I'll say I
don't want to show something I don't want
to show project cost breakdown example It will
actually But we'll see We'll show you now
on Excel I don't know if you can
see it on Excel Let me see if
you show up So I'm recording this a
little All right I'll show you in a
minute what it looks like PDF and Excel
in the end So it's easy for you
So what we have here now is yes
you can actually also share via link You
can generate link advance here You can do
edits You can email You can also if
you click this button here you give access
to homeowner but you can hide stuff So
homeowner can actually have the same access to
this platform Send email and you can block
things that you don't want them to see
or don't have access Very pretty simple Or
you just send an email where they can
receive the email and PDF On the scope
org again you can do evaluation and invoices
You can do new evaluation Let's say you've
created you've done a strip out of timber
flooring okay Add It will be added in
here Apply all Create evaluation And then you
go on My Evaluation It will be listed
in here Create You can also now create
evaluation Print it You can send it to
client Now you can also create an invoice
and it will show on the invoices So
this is now an invoice You can save
You can share via link to client Add
in the email Or you can email it
to the client or export it Sorry I
need to save it first My fault You
can export it okay You can mark as
paid When you mark this as paid it
will calculate So if you see now here
when that's paid so the invoice being sent
the balance is the same because you need
to mark this as paid When you record
a payment it's good because it will record
into the CRM system It will show you
so you know it can do the estimation
for you like what you're doing in this
project Are you making money or losing money
Because every time you do evaluation or material
orders everything you do in this software it
records everything So you have to know because
my experience is lots of contractors they lose
track of what they're doing They don't know
how much materials they've been buying on this
project They don't know how much labor costs
have been paid It's very hard to keep
track of everything And here you can't lose
not even a penny because it records everything
Because we have here material orders You can
order materials Because once you do the order
when you go for example if I want
to do internal wall materials okay So you
create the order I need to create a
name Okay so we'll create the order I
need to save it From the scope I
think I forgot to add I'll save it
somewhere Okay so when you save it does
create materials So then you have all the
materials are listed in here And now if
I go back to scope work the other
thing you can read in here is all
the materials for this project are all here
You can add more materials You can export
these materials Okay so these materials are the
list that have been calculated for this project
Everything in this file So you can export
this in CSV file or an Excel file
and send it to your supplier Say okay
this is the material that I want Okay
And yeah pretty much We have many more
other things like design studio intelligent page where
it calculates property value You can do appraisals
in here You can invite team You can
add team members in here And yes that's
the project side of it You can create
a new project again So we've got projects
listed in here Create new project And then
projects again if you click on this one
it'll take you up to the top And
all the projects are listed in here You
can delete update Everything is professionally done So
join us today This is one of the
most advanced most simple software you can use
Literally you can create a million pound project
within minutes Takes me a month